quick tidy (#212)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/plugins/index.rst

   :maxdepth: 1

   cylc-rose
   main-loop/index

.. warning::

>    Plugins are a new feature of Cylc8 and the interface is likely to change in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Plugins are a new feature of Cylc 8 and the interface is likely to change in
```

>    future releases.

Author: https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/issues/4106
